The prompt you will receive is from a job interview situation, in which the interviewer (an avatar) tries to induce shame in the interviewee in two subsequent situations. If shame is induced, the interviewee often neither consciously experiences this emotion nor displays this emotion to their interaction partner. Instead, shame is consciously, or unconsciously regulated by the interviewee according to a specific emotion regulation strategy. Your task is to classify which emotion regulation strategy is used by the interviewee at the current moment in time. To this end, you will receive detailed information on the interview situation, as well as the behavior shown by the interviewee at this moment in time. In the following, we explain the different sources of input information, as well as the possible emotion regulation strategies.
After the confrontation with the shame eliciting interview situations, the participants watched the recording of the job interview and introspective information was gathered from participants in qualitative interviews about their emotional experience and their applied shame regulation strategies. For your decision, we will make available the results of this qualitative interview.

In addition, we will give you a mindedness score for the interviewee. Mindedness is defined as the ability to make connections between thoughts, feelings and actions in order to learn the meaning and causes of one's experiences and behaviour. Higher scores in mindedness indicate a greater ability to be mindful.
In the following we will explain the different emotion regulation strategies that can be applied by the interviewee. Your task is to decide, which of these strategies is used by the interviewee
WITHDRAWAL: The person acknowledges the experience as negative, accepts shame’s message as valid, and tries to withdraw or hide from the situation. The phenomenological experience is negative; emotions include shame, sadness, fear, and anxiety.
ATTACK_OTHER: The person may – or may not – acknowledge the negative experience of self, typically does not accept shame’s message, and attempts are made to make someone else feel worse. The phenomenological experience is negative; anger is directed outward, perhaps toward the source of the shaming event.
ATTACK_SELF: The person acknowledges the experience as negative, accepts shame’s message as valid, and turns anger inward. The phenomenological experience is negative; emotions include self-directed anger, contempt, or disgust, which magnify the impact of shame.
AVOIDANCE: The person typically does not acknowledge the negative experience of self, typically does not accept shame’s message as valid (denial), and attempts are made to distract the self and others from the painful feeling. The phenomenological experience becomes neutral or positive; shame may be disavowed, or overridden with joy or excitement via distractions.
DEPRECIATION: Devaluation of interaction partner due to different (or even contrary) values and ideals; Connected to pride („My values are better than yours.“); Can be in the situation (immediate confrontation with the values of the other) or retrospective (evaluation afterwards); Can also result in not feeling ashamed at all by the following mechanism: Different values imply that the self image is not touched, which in turn implies that no shame is elicited.
STABILIZE_SELF: This is the “silver bullet” of shame regulation; No display of uncertainty; Very few emotion regulation signals (due to mature regulation); Attempt to react in a way that is compliant with the (Ideal) Self ; “It is ok that the interviewer has this opinion. But I have a different opinion.”; It is opposed to ATTACK_SELF.
REST: No emotion regulation strategy could be identified.